yeah it's been an interesting year my
first year kind of racing elite senior
races and also some under-23 races from
the juniors last year I really enjoyed
spending time in America with Bissell
and under axial Max's guidance and also
Keef Lambert with Great Britain racing
in Europe it's been a really good mix
for me and mixing up quite a variety of
races and but learning a lot and trying
to grab a few little results here and
there I can and a lot of the time work
for the sprinters and stuff which I also
really enjoy so Tour de l'avenir in the
Alps which is my first time racing in
big mountains in Europe which is pretty
interested in a nice experience a little
bit different to the mountain passes in
America weather typically a little bit
wider and often really sleep with not
many corners so having it was yeah it
was a pretty chaotic race a lot of guys
pushing to try and take something away
from the race I guess but I was
reasonably happy with 10th overall and
just look to keep building on that build
my form now for for this race tour
Britain a haunting World Championship
yeah so firstly to be selected for the
Great Britain team which is no mean feat
in itself but my name's on the eight-man
long list so from there just look at
really who can be the best kind of
suited to that course it's always hard
to know the world you always hear a lot
of rumors and some people have gone to
wreck it some happen she videos you see
parcours you see stats you still don't
really know how the race is going to pan
out till the day but I think with Great
Britain we've got a really really strong
team potentially so I'd hoped to be a
part of that and slight and where I can
and do the job that I'm needed to do on
the day I I'm looking forward to next
year and carrying on kind of where I
left off this year I hope really with
with races like laughing here and I'd
also like to repeat kind of the result
had in in the age
in the year and sure I can be consistent
I it's pretty bad injury in the middle
of this season which kind of took a bit
of a down on the middle part this season
a month off the bike so I'd like to be
really consistent next year and just
keep going towards my future goals